# Assignment
> [!CAUTION]
> Please read the [guidelines](#guidelines) first to properly setup/submit assignment.

## To Do
### Setup
* Clone this repo
* Create an Angular Application based off of [CoreUI admin template](https://coreui.io/product/free-angular-admin-template/)
* Must use Angular 17 (**NOT** 18)
* Setup Nx with Jasmine+Karma and Cypress
* Update the project to ensure 80+% unit test coverage
### Features/Use cases
> [!Note]
> It's obvious, from expected effort (<3 hrs), that we are not looking for completeness of features. When we will pair program with you and go over the code, we will discuss your approach and decisions to implement a particular features. We would love to see at least one form is implemented with e2e functionality. Don't add more than 1-2 fields to forms. Assume as many things as possible and implement the features as you understand them.
* Update the initial CoreUI template so as to behave like a multi-tenant SaaS application used by multiple schools (Primary to Secondary) (You can implement school selection by giving a drop-down in header)
* Remove CoreUI logo and use a custom logo of your choice for the app.
* Create forms to store (locally) Class, Subject, and Student information.
* Create a form to enter transactional data/value for a student. Use slider to enter value. Let's say 0 to 100. It will be nice to have if you could give Class Selection, Student Selection (filtered on selected class), Subject Selection and date as calendar for transactional data entry.
* Create screens/views (or use existing dashboard charts) for different users to see students' performances (the transactional data/value you entered above) in charts on dashboard.
* Save data locally (and retrieve on startup), but create services/utils/mock data, in such a way that you pull local data into your app, as if you are calling REST API.
* Take as much liberty as you want in making features long/short so you can finish the assignment in stipulated time.
* Try to follow design/layout of the initial template.

### Tech Requirement
* Unit tests should have 80+% coverage of the code written by you (again, CoPilot/ChatGPT will be a great help in writing these test cases) ***(Don't write Unit Tests for existing CoreUI template code)***
* E2E tests should test all the forms. ***(Don't write E2E for existing CoreUI template code)***
* Form controls should be dynamically generated by JSON data, being pulled from REST API (you needn't implement REST API, just have JSON in mock data).
* Also follow guidelines below.

## Guidelines
### Effort & deliverable
* We recommend not to spend more than 3 hrs on this assignment.
* Create [branches](#version-control) with names formatted as - your-name-feature. Example branches - **dennis-ritchie-setup**, **dennis-ritchie-component-lib**, **dennis-ritchie-feature-1**, etc.
* You can upload code in two ways
  * Open PRs in the optima-front-end-take-home repo you originally cloned the code from (obviously you cannot commit to main, so you will have to device a plan for multiple branches)
  * Push code to your personal repo and share the link with commit/branch history
* Do give us the name of all the branches you created in the mail through which you got this assignment.
* Create a 5 minute [Loom](https://www.loom.com/) (YouTube is fine too) video to explain the functionality of your app and give the link of the video in the mail.

### Arch
* Multi-tier (Client-server) (You needn't implement back end)
* MVVM
* Multi-tenant
* You should create all UI components in a library and all features you are implementing should use components from optima-component-library.

### Coding
* Use Copilot/ChatGPT as much as possible
* It's fine to use internet/stack overflow/other sources
* It's ok to copy+paste code (do comment the copy pasted code with link. Do not use any copyrighted material)
* It's ok to use any/as many third party open sourced libraries
* Follow - as much as possible - OOAD  principles, patterns, guidelines et. al. and highlight em with comment.
* Please don't use any code/design from OptimaStride's codebase
* Write code in TypeScript only.
* Use as little custom CSS as possible. Reuse CoreUI classes and variables.



### Documentation
* Create docs folder in the project and then create separate folders for each major feature with a readme for each feature.
* Give minimum One line explainer of the feature.
* Give brief description (one liner will do) of coding approach (it's ok if AI generated but you should have complete understanding of the doc so when we discuss the approach you are aware of the nitty-gritty.)
* **[NICE TO HAVE]** UML Diagrams for features (Mermaid) - States, Sequence, ER, Class diagram.
* **[NICE TO HAVE]** High level architecture, component diagram

### Version Control
* Follow GitFlow for feature development
* Separate development in feature branches. Follow branch naming guide.
* You can upload code in two ways
    * To the optima-front-end-take-home repo you originally cloned the code from (obviously you cannot commit to main, so you will have device a plan for multiple branches)
    * To your personal repo and share the link with commit/branch history
* Branch naming guide - 
    * your-name-feature
    * your-name should be consistent in all the branches
    * Examples (assuming your name is Satya Nadella) - 
      * **satya-nadella-setup**
      * **satya-nadella-component-lib**
      * **satya-nadella-feature-1**
